Clarify validation rules of canonical options (take 2) (#467)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/CanonicalABI.md

semantics of component-level [`canon`] definitions. The following subsections
cover each of these `canon` cases.

### `canonopt` Validation

> Canonical options, specified here as `$opts` in a number of locations
> throughout this document, can be specified at most once per `$opts`. For example
> specifying `string-encoding=utf8` twice is an error. Each individual option, if
> present, is validated as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canonical options, often referred to as `$opts` in the definitions below,
can be specified at most once in any particular list of options. For example
specifying `string-encoding=utf8` twice is an error. Each individual option, if
present, is validated as such:
```

* `string-encoding=N` - can be passed at most once, regardless of `N`.
* `memory` - this is a subtype of `(memory 1)`
* `realloc` - the function has type `(func (param i32 i32 i32 i32) (result i32))`
* if `realloc` is present, then `memory` must be present
* `post-return` - only allowed on [`canon lift`](#canon-lift), which has rules
  for validation
* 🔀 `async` - cannot be present with `post-return`
* 🔀 `callback` - the function has type `(func (param i32 i32 i32 i32) (result
  i32))` and cannot be present without `async` and is only allowed with [`canon
  lift`](#canon-lift)

Additionally some options are required depending on lift/lower operations
performed for a component. These are defined as:

* `lower_func(ft)`
  * requires options based on `lower(param)` for all parameters in `ft`
  * requires options based on `lift(result)` if `ft` has a result
  * if `len(flatten_types(ft.param_types())) > MAX_FLAT_PARAMS`, `memory` is required

>   * if `len(flatten_types(ft.result_types())) > MAX_FLAT_RESULTS`, `realloc` is required

Reviewer 2: You mention down below for `canon lower` that that `memory` is required for async lowers.  Is there a reason that's there rather than here?

Author: Ah just premature "spec refactoring", I'll shuffle things around.
